Very affectionately kiss another participant (the rest can choose whom).
Give a massage to a companion for 5 minutes.
Asks for money on the street telling a funny story and nothing credible and board 50$.
Embrace the first passing through the street.
Climb to sing in the bar of a bar.
Declare who is your true love.
Tell something very intimate.
Do your best president impression.
Call the pizza place and order 300 sardine pizzas.
Give a foot massage to someone present.
Ask a random stranger to make out with you.
Wear a finger mustache for the next 5 minutes.
Bark like a dog.
Dance wildly to your favorite song.
Act like a dog and get petted by everyone.
Draw a face around your belly button.
Let someone write a word on your forehead in permanent marker.
Post an embarrassing picture of yourself online.
Act like an old lady or an old man.
Spin around ten times, when you get done, try to walk in a straight line.
Say “banana” after everything you say until it is your turn again.
Act like a monkey until it is your turn again.
Take the socks off the person sitting across from you, and wear them on your hands for the rest of the game.
Call the third person on your contact list and say, “I think I might fart,” and then hang up.
Open the front door and yell at the top of your lungs, “I’m adopted!”
Walk down your block wearing underwear over your pants and greet everyone you see by saying “What’s new?”
Stand in front of your lawn for 5 minutes and say, “Howdy, I reckon you ain’t from these parts” to everyone that passes by.
Take a selfie and post it on Instagram with the caption: “Don’t hate the player. Hate the game.”
Let the group view your search history.
Text your crush and tell him you ate everything off the dollar menu at McDonald’s.
Call Domino’s and ask who pushed the first domino.
Call Pizza Hut and ask why they don’t upgrade to a Pizza Mansion.
Knock on your neighbor’s door and ask if you can hug their tree.
Post a photo of yourself pretending to drink from the toilet with the hashtag #sothirsty.
Quack like a duck every time you say the word “you” for the rest of the game.
Slip a hand written letter on your teacher’s desk that says “I love you and the way you smell.” Signed, your secret admirer.
Hold hands with the person to your right for the rest of the game.
Give your phone to the person sitting across from you. Let them choose whatever photo they want in your phone to post to your Instagram.
Post a photo of yourself holding a banana to your ear like phone and caption it: “Peelin’ lucky.”
DM a celebrity and tell them you think you have what it takes to win the Oscars.
Switch bras with the person to your left, and wear it for the rest of the game.
Stand in front of your house on the sidewalk holding a sign that says "I've been abandoned by my alien parents. Please help me find the way back to Mars."
Call Walmart and say, "Excuse me, do you have extra extra large underwear in the color purple?"