2 – You (Cardholder picks someone to drink.)
3 – Me (Cardholder drinks.)
4 – Chicks (Ladies drink.)
5 – Rhymes (Cardholder starts out a phrase. Each person, in turn, must come up with a new sentence that rhymes off the original. Whoever messes it up, drinks. Ex. Person 1: Yesterday I bought a cat. Person 2: And I took it home to my new flat …)
6 – Men (Guys drink.)
7- Thumb master (Until another 7 is drawn, the cardholder is the “Thumb master” whom the rest of the participants must watch like a hawk. Should the Thumb master place his/her thumb on the table, everyone else must follow suit as inconspicuously as possible. Last person to put his/her thumb on the table drinks.)
8 – Pick a Mate (Choose one person to take a drink with you.)
9 – Categories (Cardholder picks a category – cartoons, for example. Everyone must then name something from that category. First person to repeat an answer, or not answer within 3 seconds drinks.)
10 – Draw Again.
Jack – Make a Rule (Cardholder makes a rule that everyone must follow for the duration of the game. For example: No cussing. Anytime a person cusses, he/she drinks.)
Queen – Questions (Cardholder starts off with a question to any person he/she chooses. That person DOES NOT answer the question, but rather asks someone else a question. The pattern continues until a person breaks the chain, and then drinks. Note: You cannot ask a question to the person who asked you one – no “ask backs.”)
King – Pour some of your drink into the pint glass. (The person who draws the last King has to drink whatever is in the glass.)
Ace – Waterfall (The cardholder starts off drinking and every one else must start too. Only when the cardholder stops, can the person next in line to them stop. One by one, each player in order chooses when to drop drinking, controlling how much the participants after them drink.)
Choo Choo Train: Every time you are laughing, you must pump your arms back and forth.
If you laugh, you can’t show your teeth!
Ke$ha rule: You have to repeat the last word you say say.
Every time you start to speak you have to start with, "Back when I was a pedophile...".
If anyone says the words "drunk" or "wasted", they have to take a shot.
If anyone says the words "you" or "I", they have to take a shot.  