What was the most embarrassing moment of your life?
Describe the strangest dream you’ve had in your life
What is the quality or characteristic that would like to change about you?
Have you fallen in love with a friend of your partner? Has anyone noticed?
What do you think that your boyfriend/girlfriend thinks about marriage?
What was the craziest thing that has happened to you in a mall?
Mention the most annoying experience in some shopping.
What is the meanest thing you have done in your life?
Have you ever thought of cheat on your boyfriend/girlfriend?
Have you ever lied to your partner to avoid an intimate moment, for example, say that you feel sick?
What is the worst rumor or gossip you said or repeated and at the end was something wrong?
What was the most disgusting joke ever played with someone?
What’s your wildest fantasy?
What is the most stupid thing you’ve done in front of a crowd?
Have you ever been hinted or has overstepped someone of the same sex? What happened, how did you react?
Which of the players in this group considered to have the most sensual and daring clothes?
Who do you think is the worst party dress? What would you recommend?
You might think that someone of your friends or family made a terrible decision for life says who and what s/he did.
Say who (here) has a wrong partner or does not suit him.
If you were marooned on an island with one person whom you know personally, who would like it to be that person?
He mentions something that ever done and that you did not want to be known
What is the dumbest thing you’ve said your partner while on intimacy?
Which of the people who are in this game, considered to have the best body?
Which of the people who are in this game, believes it has lately deteriorated their physical appearance: his body, his dress?
If you could suddenly become invisible, what more naughty things you like to do?
Would you rather go on a date at Burger King or Walmart?
Who do you think the person to your left should date?
Who in this room has the stinkiest armpits? (Go around the room and smell everyone’s armpit and rate them.)
Who’s Instagram account would you want to manage for a day and what would you do if you managed it?
If your crush had bad breath, would you offer them a mint or just stop liking them?
If gummy bears were healthy, would you eat a whole bowl of it for breakfast?
If your crush asked you to feel their hairy legs, would you do it?
What would you do if you found out your crush was a vegan but wore leather shoes?
What animal do you look like when you’re eating?
If you could travel back in time, what prank would you play on your teenage parents?
What prank would you want to play on your teacher/boss if you could get away with it?
If you wanted to makeout with someone at school, where would you do it?
Have you ever done anything to try to look cooler or more popular?
Have you ever been shushed at the movie theaters?
Who is hotter: Justin Bieber or your crush?
Have you ever waved at someone because you thought they were waving at you, but it turns out they were just waving at someone behind you?
How many times a day do you think about quitting school and becoming a stripper?
Would you wear your best friend’s used underwear if you went camping and ran out?
If someone gave you $100 to pick your nose in public and eat it, would you do it?
Who in this room do you think is the most likely to end up in jail?
What’s your stripper name?
What would you do if you saw your mom flirting with your teacher?
On a scale of Taylor Swift to Kim Kardashian, how basic are you?
If you were stranded as ruler of a desert island, which 3 people would you take with you to be your subjects?
If you had to flash a part of your body, what would you flash?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve ever done while drunk?
If you could go back in time, what decade would you live in?
Who would you rather makeout with? Camila Cabello or Ariana Grande?
Better to date older or younger?
If you had a rash on your butt, who here would you want to look it up on WebMD?
If you could text only one person for the rest of your life, who would that be?
If you could force someone to wear only a bathing suit to one occasion, who would it be and to what occasion?
If you ran out of toilet paper, would you consider using your hands?
How many licks would it take you to eat a banana?
Who starred in your last sexy dream?
What’s the farthest you’ve seen someone drive without a license?
Pick someone: how long would it take you to cover them in lotion?
Would you rather lick the floor or lick someone’s ear?
Of all the people here, who do you think has seen the most people naked?
If you farted in the elevator, would you say excuse me or pretend like it was someone else?
Would you kiss someone with braces?
If everyone’s underwear were made out of matches, whose would catch fire first?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever said to a crush?
If your body were slowly turning into toothpaste, which part would you want to go last?
If you had to change the first letter of your first name, what would be the worst letter to change it to?
Which chocolate are you in a box of chocolates?
What is the best weather for mooning people?
How many people would you trust to hold your pizza?
Would you rather be wrapped in foil or plastic wrap?
How many people in your phone’s contacts would you absolutely makeout with?
If you ran out of toilet paper in the bathroom, what would be the first thing you did when you got out?
If you could only breathe out of one nostril, which would you choose?
If you had to name your kid either diarrhea or hemorrhoids, which would you choose?
Would you rather eat a raw slug or a boiled snail with the shell on?